In this world, it can be hard—
Not just to follow your heart—
To be diff’rent
and do what’s right.
But Jehovah tells us in his Word:
‘Don’t be molded by this world.’
He promises life
in Paradise.
So stand tall;
give your all.
Jehovah’s right there with you;
he won’t let you fall.
And pray
ev’ry day
To climb those mountains out there
standing in your way.
Oh, don’t live for today;
live for forever.
They will try and offer fame—
Put a spotlight on your name,
Raise you up
for all to see.
But rather than strive after wind,
Jehovah says reach out to him.
He promises life
in Paradise.
So stand tall;
give your all.
Jehovah’s right there with you;
he won’t let you fall.
And pray
ev’ry day
To climb those mountains out there
standing in your way.
Oh, don’t live for today;
live for forever.
So stand tall;
give your all.
Jehovah’s right there with you;
he won’t let you fall.
And pray
ev’ry day
To climb those mountains out there
standing in your way.
Oh, don’t live for today;
live for forever.